Hmm
Yes Hello everyone
I think that I want to do the actraiser part 16 that is rock t
Let's do the continuation right away
I had been doing a pretend chanting mode of Aitosu district
Develop into
It is in a last though is once Te
I'm tower volcano you can see is the phlegm out and is
In it you will go to battle with those also of the order to calm this
Well so-called will go to defeat the boss Yes let's do
At first I want
I will return to the color
In a
Let's go
If you defeat the demons here, it is not that this area is frightened by the shadow of the combo jack stuff
It will not be
8 t like preparation is either entered good
I went with the care videos
Yes E'
Outside action is ok
It might be the point to lower the
Yes let's go with Eids act
In this way one step down
It was a bit like a depression, but it just failed
Let's go as it is
So there is this too
Thank you very much for today
Even if you pull
It does not appear again Well out
Let's be firm
I was addicted
There is a moment and there is Dawn
There
Tetsu
First there is a tree
What
It will be a problem if you go behind
Hmm
And Tsu humor tone
Do not do the
But the number leaves here
By all means
Part and
So here's the timing
I want to get on the line
I missed the timing
To
If you go to mind
In next
Hmm
Follow
There is lesser like this
If it goes down too
When it goes up
Thought don't
And what do
Does Mase entered Tei
You should go here normally
I thought I was addicted
Hmm
If there is something to hear here
Debt
Hey I will then consider a national treasury Te
Follow
Here is an idea
か い お か お
It did cladding three Ikebaa and knotweed
I think even this is the boss in the mother number of teeth
It is not difficult
To go
Feeling of 5 trains coming
Oh and shut Tai'
Oh
Have
Is not
Yes boss is OK if it is ok with this
Yes ai and iodine night convex is clear it here
hey
What Yes
The shadow of the demon disappeared from God here I toss
We received doing only their own power without Itadakanai to watch in the future and the other God
10 days other areas to give in to a peace land as here I toss Please
Yes and ai and the axis are finished with this
The situation is a bit halfway though
Well, yes, yeah-this time I want to finish here
Thank you for watching to here
See you in the next video